DOC-4350: Update what's new section: technical novelties (#166)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/whatsnew.rst

Other user experience improvements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:ref:`Home button in Desktop Chat application <Chat>`

> A new home button is added to the chat application on Desktop to easily go back the platform homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new 'home' button was added to the chat application on Desktop to easily go back the platform's homepage.
```

|image9|

:ref:`Confirm before refreshing a page <Share-AS>`

A confirmation popup appears when refreshing a page where you already typed some data.

|image10|
 
 
:ref:`Open space applications by right-click <ManagingSpaceApplication>`

> With eXo Platform 5.3, it is possible to open a space's application in an another tab with a right-click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to open space applications in an another tab with a right-click.
```

:ref:`Chat contacts filtering does not consider accents <Use-search-bar>`

> Chat contact filtering is no more sensitive to accents with eXo Platform 5.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chat contact filtering is not sensitive to accents anymore
```

|image11|

> :ref:`Allow to disable Login History by configuration <Configuration.loginHistory>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Login History can now be disabled by configuration <Configuration.loginHistory>`
```

With the new property ``exo.audit.login.enabled``, it is possible to enable or disable the login history.

:ref:`Remove uploaded files from chat <Upload-file-chat>`

> With eXo Platform 5.3, you can delete an attached file in chat discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files uploaded un chat rooms can now be deleted as any other message.
```

.. _TechnicalNovelties:

========================================
Technical novelties in eXo Platform 5.3
========================================

As usual, eXo Platform continues to devote efforts to enhance security and performance.

> In fact, in eXo Platform 5.3, new :ref:`parameters <ESClient>` has been introduced allowing to configure max 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In fact, in eXo Platform 5.3, new :ref:`parameters <ESClient>` has been introduced to configure max 
```

> concurrent requests to elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
concurrent requests to the ElasticSearch server.
```

> We also made some tools upgrades such as Vue.js and Vuetify. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also upgraded UI layer with latest versons of Vue.js and Vuetify frameworks.
```

> We invite you to read the whole tutorial to develop Vuetify and Vue.js Portlets through 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We invite you to read the whole tutorial to develop portlets in eXo with Vuetify and Vue.js 
```

> this :ref:`link <PLFDevGuide.DevelopingApplications.DevelopingPortlet.Vuetify>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in  :ref:`this tutorial <PLFDevGuide.DevelopingApplications.DevelopingPortlet.Vuetify>`.
```
